In this module we created a complete application with vuejs, this monster slayer application here,
I hope you saw how easy it was to use vuejs here. Through vuejs, we could really focus on our core
game logic, writing the javascript code to handle different attacks, handle our health but not to fetch
the right element in the dom, to check the current value, to check if it needs to be updated, to keep
everything in sync manually,
how we would have to do it with vanilla javascript or jQuery.
Instead we set up some easy connections, like here with the for loop or like here with the health.
We stored some data in our data property and recognize, we only have four properties in there and then
we get a couple of functions where we manipulate these properties and hence vuejs takes care about
the rest, automatically updates everything, automatically keeps everything in sync,
and with that, we built our first vuejs application with the tools we learned thus far.
And I can tell you there's much more to come but I hope you already see that we achieved a lot here
already and which great application we were able to build with the things we've learned thus far.
Let's continue to the next module.